---
layout: post
title:  "Rome 2022"
date:   2022-09-10 14:09:25 +0300
categories: vacations
---

Hey, I have traveled to Rome recently and wanted to share some recommandations here, this is purely my personal taste.

## General Notes
1. Rome averages around 7-10 million visitors a year, so try to plan accordingly if you don't like crowded places.
2. Every first Sunday of the month there are a lot of free activities like the Colluseium and many museums.
3. 
4. There is a City Tax of 6€ per person per night.
5.

## Sightseeing
1. **Trevi Fountain** - Amazing fountain in the center of Rome, better come early as around 11am it becomes very crowded.

2. **Colluseum + Forum Romano + Palatine hill** - all of those attractions are combined as they are very near by and accessible by a single ticket.
The line can be pretty huge (45-70 minutes) to get the ticket so better buy it in advance online. 

3. **Villa Borghese** - Amazing park, with special view over the entire city (search for Terrazza del Pincio).
There are golf cart rentals which is a great way to see the whole park, also its possible to do it on a scooter.

4.**Piazza del Popolo** - right near the entrance to the Villa Borghese there is a huge square with amazing sights. 

5. **Pantheon** - 

6. **D'Angelo Bridge** - 

7. **The Spanish stairs** - 

## Resutrants
1. **Piccolo buco** - One of the best Napolitan pizza places in Rome, open at 12:00 but be sure to be there 15-20 minutes before to get a table. 
2. **Tonnarello** - Best place for a Carbonara, and has a great service and athmosphere inside the resturant. 
3. **Pane e Salame** - Great place for sandwiches! You can enjoy various combination of sandwiches with all sorts of cheeses, ham, tuna and more.

## Desserts 
1. **Two Sizes** - Best place for a teramisu in Rome, really recommened the pistachio one.



## Summary
